I'd like to discuss and plan an idea for a browser game. The theme is that the player works for SourceNet, an ethical hacking agency. The game interface emulates the screen of the machine the hacker uses, so that goes as far as the boot sequence when starting the game. The OS should be called OSNet, it should allow different software/hardware to be installed, software and hardware should be available from an OSNet Software/Hardware Portal. Software can be installed once "downloaded" (your speed dependant on your hardware you have installed), hardware is ordered and installed after a reboot (the user has to decide to do this before it's installed). The starting setup should have the basics: 1Ghz CPU, 2GB  memory, 90GB SSD, basic motherboard (which limits what other components can be installed), basic 300W power supply, 250Mb network adaptor - that's the hardware (suggest if there's anything important that I should consider having). For the startup software, you should have the OS (OSNet), the OSNet Software/Hardware Portal (where users can buy software/hardware), a messaging service app called SNet Mail (think like phones, but can have alphanumerical characters (many more combinations). Players have credits to buy things, but start with nothing. The main desktop area of the game screen should be clear of anything unless an app is opened by the user, then it will popup like a window onscreen and that app window can be moved/minimised/closed by clicking the top header of the window (there should be a _ showing to minimis and X to close, moving the window is clicking anywhere on the top header) the title of the app is written in the header. The key essential apps, like messaging, bank account have noticifation icons at the top of the screen to show new messages and when hovering over to extend to show those new messages in breif. The bank account app should also show the number of credits in the top of the app in the header. That header should also have the time/date to the left hand side. The app selection screen should be a button on the top right and hovering over that should extend a screen showing all installed apps and you can start them by clicking on the app. To reboot the game/pause the game, in the top left there will be another icon that looks like a turn off/on button, hovering over that will show the options to pause/reboot/sleep (leave the game). The player can leave the game to continue later. The game should save the state of play for the user and allow any saved states to be played from a game menu when the game initially starts up. If there's no saved states when the game starts then the game should start with the boot sequence for a new game. Make the boot sequence quite 1990's with lots of rolling text and cycle it through the hardware installed on the machine to make it relate to the game state (for new games obviously this will be the basic setup of hardware). The boot sequence for new games can also include a sequence for installing OSNet (the OS) as it's the first time booting up - the overall boot sequence can be around 15 seconds, but for future boot sequences, they should be 4 seconds. On initial setup, when the OS has booted up, it should ask for a username (the player will pick a name - but a randomised name will show anyway). Once a username is picked, the "desktop" of the OS shows and the user can now access any software installed on their machine - the time/date will also show (including seconds and should tick at normal speed). After 2 seconds of being in the game, a new message will come through on the SNet Mail welcoming the new agent to the company SourceNet and explain the initial boot sequence and what software they've got installed and how to access installed software. Once that message has been "read", then a new message will come through from the user's manager welcoming them personally to "the team" and that they will be given some time to familiarise themselves with their machine and they will reach out to them shortly. Oh and the manager will credit them 1000 credits to begin with as a welcome bonus.
For now this is as far as the game should go. I'd like to refine this game and get this initial game functionality working so it can be a good basis for extending later. I'd like to discuss any missing game features (like how do you make money etc) and document them so they can be dealt with in phase 2.